hey guys it's chica plays and today I'm
coming at you with a little melt
haunting slash location as you can see
I've got a bloody undead dog on my radar
right now and I am in the great desert
I'm right inside the camp of crass art
and it's right inside the camp and that
is where the milk is and this seems like
a good spot to look for undead dogs
because I was down here last night with
a friend and we kept the same exact
mount which was kind of cool and then
later in the night we saw a cyan lion
but um he just kind of wanders right
along this road and he goes all the way
down to that fence from where we started
and then he just kind of continues
onward this way and there are quite a
few mobs up here Oh No
why did I say that it's like I said that
and I provoked them that was my own
fault for initiating that anyhow so you
can see he keeps on going down this way
kind of wanders off the path but I mean
if you stick to this road you'll
definitely see him unless you're blind
I'm just kidding what's the giggles
so yeah like I said I capped this little
friend last night so I'm probably not
gonna try to get it now but pretty cool
I like the way the undead dogs look I
think they're they're neat looking when
they run they're very what do you call
it graceful yeah and then like he's
gonna keep coming up this way thank you
as people keep bothering me they um
anyway he keeps on going up this way and
then I believe he's gonna turn pretty
soon I don't think we call any farther
do we are you gonna come back yep there
you guys turning around now so well
inside the boundaries of the camp yeah
hopefully you guys found this helpful
good luck mount hunting and thanks for
watching guys I'll see you later bye